Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2024, April). *Human sexual preferences: Experimental methods and eye tracking*. Invited presentation at the Webinar organized by Maestría en Sexualidad y Relaciones Contemporáneas (Universidad de la Costa), Barranquilla, Colombia. 

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2023, October). *Deciphering pedophilia, a neurocognitive perspective*. Invited speaker at the Conversatory on Trafficking in Persons, Child Trafficking and Pedophilia (Pontificial Universidad Javeriana), Bogotá, Colombia. 

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2022, October). *Trait sexual desire as a predictor of subjective sexual arousal to erotic sexual stimuli in cisgender men and women*. Oral Communication at the XX Latin American Congress on Sexology and Sex Education (Flasses), Valencia, España.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2021, June). *Eye-Tracking technology applied to sexual dysfunctions and deviations, such as pedophilia*. Invited speaker at the Online Congress of Technologies Applied to Psychology. (AEPSIS - Asociación Española de Psicología Sanitaria), Valencia, España.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2020, October). *Contributions of eye tracking in the identification of deviant sexual preferences such as pedophilia.*. Invited speaker at the II International Congress of Psychology Online (Conexiones Consultorías, Universidad El Bosque y ASCOFAPSI), Bogotá, Colombia.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2020, September 17). *Utility of Eye-Tracking in Identifying Sexual Preferences in General Population and Child Sex Offenders*. Invited speaker at the IV National Congress of Legal Psychology (Universidad Católica de Colombia), Bogotá, Colombia.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2020, September 4). *What does eye gaze say about deviant sexual behaviors such as pedophilia and child sexual abuse? Findings from a study using eye tracking*. Invited speaker at the 3rd Symposium on Neuroscience, Cognition and Society (Pontificial Universidad Javeriana), Bogotá, Colombia.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2020, March). *Contributions of cognitive neuroscience in the identification of deviant atypical sexual preferences such as pedophilia*. Invited speaker at the Plenary Session at CSCN – Center for Social and Cognitive Neuroscience (Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez), Santiago de Chile y Viña del Mar.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2019, September). *Neurodevelopmental factors contributing to the development of pedophilia*. Invited speaker at I Symposium on Child Neuropsychology and Applied Neurosciences (Coorporación Delphy Colombia), Ibagué, Colombia.

Vásquez-Amézquita, M. (2018, September). *Visual attention Pattern on immature stimuli in child sexual abusers compared to other offenders and the general community: an eye-tracking study*. Invited speaker at the 4th Congresso Ordem dos Psicólogos Portugueses (Ordem Dos Psicólogos Portugueses), Braga, Portugal.

